Add Dolos documentation to Radar (#72)
apluslms/aplus-manual: programming_exercises/radar.rst

.. _Radar: https://github.com/apluslms/radar

Dolos integration
----------------

Dolos is a modern service for generating similarity reports for source code. It is open source
and the code is available `here <https://github.com/dodona-edu/dolos>`_. A local Dolos instance is running
alongside Radar to allow for generating reports using data from Radar.

.. image:: /images/radar_dolos_view_button.png

In the user interface click the button with the label 'View in Dolos'. This generates a report
and opens a new tab with the results. Reports are deleted an hour after submission to Dolos.

.. image:: /images/dolos_menu.png
    :width: 1000px

Dolos shows an overview of the report on the first page. Radar is configured to send reports to

> Dolos such that the Labels correspond to student numbers. This allows the graph visualisation (Accessible 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dolos such that the labels correspond to student numbers. This allows the graph visualisation (accessible 
```

Think these should be lowercase

> from the left side menu) to show more clearly clusters of student with similiar submissions. If a cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the left side menu) to show more clearly clusters of students with similar submissions. If a cluster
```

Small typo fixes
